hey everybody I just share video met a
high messy bun so right now I'm going to
do a different messy bun and it's a low
like off to the side one because I have
really long hair and it's I don't know I
don't know what that has to do anything
but whatever I fix my hair like in this
hairstyle it usually works best like if
my hair has curl to it or scrunch
usually that works best but it's not
just like straight like this well not
straight but natural also I'm going to
tease it i'm going to do a back tooth in
my hair so i take like the crown of my
hair and i split it into small like thin
sections and I tease it
now i'm going to pull my hair over to
the side i'm going to pull out these two
side pieces to other ears
you're going to take your band like I
put my hair I wrap it around three times
so on the second time through you pull
it a little more than halfway and then
you take all of that like it's a single
ponytail and you pull it about like that
like half way and if you can see I have
so much hair here they usually what I do
is I pin it down
not really digging the way it turned out
but that's look you don't like it
what does act like that looks amazing
that looks really terrible but it's not
that important as you know what it does
and then I pull out my front page
section
wow this really looks bad
and i'm going to put i'm going to put
this hair headband thing in my hair
so we spoke this over
usually with these when I have a messy
bun and I put up click up to her
something in it I have the hair left
over I just kind of pin it in pinda like
the engine as part of the bun Wow act
like that looks amazing I know it
doesn't
there's the front and the back will look
better but if you had a nice image of
like a really cute like messy bun in
your head and this looks great but I
will try to do a better one sometime
right now I just don't really feel like
we're fixing it all anyways have a good
day and I will talk to you soon